There's also an additional syntax you have at your end.
Let's say I have the number one variable named A B and does this just some text.
Now I can add a number export and I can say export default AB.
Now if the default keyword I make it the default export off this file and therefore in the script the
chips fall I can import AB from external JS
like that.
And if I then print a B here let's see what happens if I Lowthers you see some text that you see also
the difference in the import syntax.
I'm not using call the braces and I shouldn't.
I mustn't because this is the default import or this is importing what this extra shares fall default
the exports.
So if the default keyword.
I'm basically saying if you're just importing something from this file like here then refer to this
default export of which you may only have one in each file of course because you can only have one default
export of course.
Therefore you also don't have to named as a B.
You may also you name it.
A for example.
And now if I print this in a reload you'll still see some text.
So this is just the default.
And you may use whatever name you want to use for that.
You also can assign aliases to your imports.
Let's say I want to use Keeble you here as another variable name in this file here.
Now I have to leave key value here in my import statement because otherwise javascript wouldn't know
what I want to import because I have multiple exports here.
So I'll have to leave it here.
But with the ASCII word I could name it key here and then replace all the places where I use it with
key.
Now I very clear my console.
You see it still works and it's still even updates de-value because it's still the only reference I
was just from the renaming it.
But it didn't change anything else.
I'm just giving it a different name which I can use for this file.
And this is of course number great way to really get justice to your needs and work with imports and
exports the way you need to work them.
You can also get rid of this import here and let's say I one to add default to dis import statement
and that will be difficult days because they already have multiple imports here and they have multiple
exports years so I kind of have to tell javascript that I want to get default now.
I could do this by simply adding it here in front of all the others separated by a comma.
So an a clear way console you see just again works.
It's important to specify this the first element.
So I am working quite a lot here and I could also write this in a different way.
Now first I'll get rid of my default value export here for the next thing I could leave it but I want
to focus on something else.
So I'm not importing a default value here anymore so I'll also get rid of this part and I want to change
the way to import this if I want to import everything a file exports.
So if I want to import everything which gets export here which I am right now doing anyways I can write
a story here.
So asterisk character.
And then I have to give it a name let's say imported or whatever.
There are probably better names now imported.
Let's see what this is.
If I print import here you'll see it's an object it's an object which has as properties everything which
the Rafal exports.
Therefore this object has a property key value and the property test which of course is exact is what
this fall here does export.
So by using this star or just asterisk import your and giving it a name.
This is required.
I basically tell Chello script to wrap all my exports pack them into an object and give me that object
.
And therefore here I can give of course to an Access important key value or Also important task.
If I show this important test does of course also work as you see down here.
And if I print the key value then again does it still change.
Yes it still changes.
So the behavior is the same.
It's just a different way to import everything in together than to one single object here.
So with that you've seen a lot of examples regarding the modularity is 6 office and how the export and
import statements work.
Important thing again keep in mind this duchess Anning is only required for testing and in the final
specification when it runs natively in the browser you won't use this and you won't need this.
So keep this in mind.
Besides that I hope you feel well-prepared to work with that new syntax or to work with this new much
hilarity and if you want to use it nowadays and it will have a lecture on how to set up a workspace
to use E-6 today.
But basically what you need is a compiler to get either 60 as 5 and the module load or like system cheapass
exactly the two things we set up here.
And with that onto the next topic which will be classes